hey guys I'm just here to let you know
this is part two of the two-part video
so if you haven't seen the first part
you'll likely be confused so go ahead
and watch that on the same Jill click
that video and it'll catch you right up
Kate thanks for the rest of you what's
that noise
[Music]
yep
okay not you all right let me just okay
I'll just write that down
bear with you for a second here your
order is definitely down on paper so
yeah I hope that gets to you talk soon I
wish I could unsee that
very funny dude it's called arm day and
admittedly I went a little bit too hard
and I can't move my arms anymore but I
am still a good friend
so despite your rudeness I have proved
you this artisanal pot of coffee in our
finest China so how do you feel about
that [__] I'm sorry
hey John hey pre scissors not on me I
think there's some in that drawer bag
oh my god what the hell I don't know
ma'am I just swear to God I just right
open the drawer I don't know my own
strength anymore
it's working getting more powerful and
there you go
finance for scissors ask ask ask us all
you're doing you died guys this guy have
that how about you consider others for
once okay
my mentor today is Regis Philbin now I
don't know what makes Regis Philbin a
fitness instructor but I do know he was
on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire and at
least one morning show with someone
named Kathie Lee so it's qualified in my
book
[Music]
everybody i'm regis philbin welcome to
my personal workout you know it wasn't
until I had my blocked artery
I never jogged I never walked I never
took that seriously
I never jogged I never walked my muscles
frankly atrophied that is until the
valve bust and that's when I decided to
take up walking can I tell you something
I love it
alright we're not all out here we're
exercising like a rock but surely you've
you know taking a brisk walk around the
corner before Regis no can I tell you
something I love it how'd you walk on
stage into being who wants to be a
millionaire you liar
I've seen you walk it's unbelievable I
just woke up this morning they've
sprouted out of my torso or something I
can't believe what I'm what I'm doing
what I'm feeling not only that I feel
terrific I think I have more stamina
more endurance I think I have more
stamina I think they're not really sure
the blockage to my heart blocks most
feelings most nerves just use your arms
when it's comfortable too
it's a high you can't buy anywhere that
reaches of you have you ever been to
Bleecker Street okay they're selling
some pretty good stuff there's a little
more for you than a dinner then a brisk
jog I must admit I haven't raised my
elbows you know this high but I can see
the other benefits to it yeah great what
Regis why don't we just start with what
you have done before you should have
just called this thing Regis Philbin
learning to be human again after an
extended cryo sleep all right good this
man did a whole workout tape on walking
just walking for the most of us the legs
we've evolved them to you know do get us
places we don't all have personal
helicopters that just you know take us
from our house to our place of
employment like you do that's great that
you do gave you a blockage let's get a
position like this down into that
stretch and again
[Music]
we'll get started come on right now all
right you're gonna be up you're gonna be
strong you're gonna be ready for
anything can't guarantee you'll get your
own morning show
I can't guarantee you're gonna be
successful receive anything in life
receive any compensation for what you do
but you'll feel like you did this for a
minute you'll feel like that for sure I
guarantee this this part's guaranteed at
what point do I start getting my heart
beat up what's going on my dudes looking
a bit puny today but I hardly blame you
it takes a lot of you know work and
gusto and dedication you get a body like
that you know what I'm saying
not everyone's got the time Oh see you
guys later
you insulted me just now you insulted me
once but it was a really hurtful until I
got to admit guys his egos gotten as big
as his biceps I some got my scissors yet
climate change is real and this is not a
point of dispute or controversy oh that
is true that's objective fact as seen in
this graph charting the data from three
independent Institute's
so John thinks he can get all high and
mighty on us huh see how he likes this
let's make this fatty fat again hey man
[Music]
delivery for John I don't ever ordering
anything you guys must take me for a
real fool you think I wouldn't notice
this that's right I know what you've
done you sent me this bag of nuggets to
trick me into gaining all my weight back
which I did by the way after reading
only one of them I'm a bit confused
[Music]
oh [__] I can't believe you dudes dude I
thought you were my dudes I may have
been a little too harsh
[Laughter]
[Applause]
so here anything I hear something but I
don't know what the hell he's doing
sorry guys dream is dead I've been
betrayed ultimately my games were
actually my losses
[Music]
you sons of [__] how could you do
this to me you know what you're laughing
still I know dude we're sorry [__] who
came in to apologize you're laughing at
me still oh man you can be skinny one
day I know it you don't want to see me
suffer no man what the heck do I do
about it you need to get up on your feet
and you need to smash this class you I
told you to tell me earlier in this
episode to do that didn't I yes you did
I'm reminding you now son it's me
your late father your dad UM's your papa
if you find this it must mean you're
really in need of some encouraging words
I just want you to know that I love you
so very much
and I know that deep down you can
achieve anything if you put your mind to
it don't give up on your dreams son make
your Pappy proud love dad
that's weird why is this letter from my
dad's table to my marky-mark VHS oh my
god it's marky-mark
ha yeah and what would he say John well
he'd be likely to say pow search or what
would he say if he saw you like this
well he'd say pal you got it buster
you guys are the best okay let's do this
[Music]
wait no not this time
this is lose the raid with your Fitness
host jontron get bit now not later hi
it's me jontron and this is my fitness
experience
I'm non-accredited unqualified and
should only listen to me at your own
risk you know my motto why lose your big
old gut through proper diet exercise and
perseverance when you can and we live in
a fast-paced age which means we need a
fast-paced workout to match we may never
be able to destroy obesity the same way
we did Iraq in 2003 but it doesn't mean
we can't try for profit follow my moves
every 100 forgot to turn off push
notifications I don't know if you know
and what the hell is this Bank of
America I don't want that right off and
slash those business expenses wouldn't
that feel good this is OJ's favorite
move the timeline scroll come on we've
all been here you think with 7 billion
people there'd be more worthwhile things
to read huh shut up Janet shut up Ryan
I'm not following your cat on Instagram
it's not a person swiping for love girls
a little more discreet huh left left
right left left right guys
I don't know why I just don't feel right
now feel bad I don't know what I'm gonna
do with my life you can buy these tapes
and more for the low price of 1995 lose
the weight is now available on laserdisc
HD DVD USB Drive this guy who just tells
you what happens and the Pirate Bay
also don'ts news on this limited time
offer to buy our patent pending work out
of peril but 20% off that narrator was
lying about most of that except the last
part which is true and I'll be
explaining in just a moment that's right
this video was sponsored by the
wonderful people over at honey honey is
legitimately the easiest way to save
money online and if you don't use it
you're just doing it wrong if you don't
know what honey is or what it does it's
basically magic it's an add-on to your
browser that's constantly scanning the
web for deals you could be getting on
any given website so when you're about
to check out on some items are buying
it'll pop up and let you know you could
be getting a better deal you just hit
apply coupons and let honey do its thing
it automatically applies every promo
code it can find until it lets you know
you've got the best price on the web
just in case you don't believe me I
actually do use this app myself and just
two of my most recent bounties are queen
VIP tickets to a show medieval times for
basically the same price or less than a
regular ticket and of course more
relatedly when I was trying to buy my 40
mm BTU commercial air conditioning unit
I saved a whopping 273 dollars and
eighty three cents because you know
nobody wants to overpay for industrial
cooling the point is it worked for me
and it will for you too downloading it's
easy it's free and only takes two clicks
to install also very specially for the
next two weeks
anyone who downloads honey for free at
my link join honey calm slash jontron
gets 20% off all my merchandise over at
represent com and that includes these
brand new super sweet limited edition
prints of gnomes baby that's right
they're only around for two weeks so get
em while supplies last and if that
weren't enough I'm signing the first
hundred of each and I'd sign these two
also you can grab this awesome shirt
among other things so head over now okay
that's all for me I'll see you guys in
the next episode of what the hell am i
doing with my life
I can't even get my fast through here